hello today we have a review
case from the company on spigen sgp neo
hybrid ex
case comes in so beautiful
the box is not here now the cover
he actually my iphone case for
iphone 5 bumper see first what's in
except for the box, we find the attack worth
the envelope to which
lies
race
ultra crystal of hp companies
Spd on the probe very high quality film
anne gloss
also we find here a description book
company products
covers
so envelopes there are three more films
1 matte on the iron part of the iphone on
the back cover is a glass of glass
they are now my iphone i am a little later
will show you the device itself also in
The kit comes here are such a knud
secane and buttons which
should like
lighter tille pressing the home button if
you have some kind of protective glass and
film or just make decorating
here there is an orange button I cut it
To the device itself , I have a case with it
these two parts one part and
silicone worn first
The author is very much and I wear a plastic
frame that protects the iphone from shock
silicone part they allow plastic
scratch your devices cover doubles
pretty service this to take off the extra
since I have no common desire
for one stuck film here on this part
aluminum clips matte film and two
nation of film on glass inserts
films look great at all
almost imperceptible that is adam and you even
we do not see them turning itself
very high quality and police functions
one hundred percent
rubberized button on top
on-off will also be
device lock here means us
volume toggle switches to it
cutout and two buttons on rubber volume
bottom cut-outs for headphones, and the fruit of men at arms,
microphone speaker on this side we
we see only the company logo about aids
no mean okay bumper very
qualitatively as I said the prince at once
generally good device in Russian
retail it is served somewhere for a half
dash 2000 see buying in principle
of course the description of the scene which
the company offers an overpriced but
in principle, if you look at the rich
contents of delivery
the price is also rational and in principle
You can buy and what I did now will
wear it constantly
is it best to clean
devices have something to say a little bit
in the universe, phone 7 becomes somehow
more that is palpable
Here is the difference in the hand on the horse quickly
you get used to over i don't know how that doesn't
very much felt here the first thing that rushed
full body believer that will be when i
put on what he has become really wider and not
it became so convenient to use it
how everything is very very fast
get used and cover very high quality
all advice that's all
new meetings subscribe to the channel
like bye